.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH GSound 1 "16 August 2018"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
GSound \- a small library for playing system sounds

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gsound-play
.RI [ options ]
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gsound-play
is a small program for playing sounds.
.br

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help options.

.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-id=\fISTRING\fR
Event sound identifier.

.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-file=\fIPATH\fR
Play file.

.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-description=\fISTRING\fR
Event sound description.

.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-cache-control=\fISTRING\fR
Cache control (permanent, volatile, never).

.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-loop=\fIINTEGER\fR
Loop many times (default: 1).

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-volume=\fISTRING\fR
A floating point dB value for the sample volume (ex: 0.0).

.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-backend=\fISTRING\fR
libcanberra backend to use.

.SH SEE ALSO
For further information, visit the website
https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GSound

.SH BUGS
All bugs in the application may be reported at the GNOME Gitlab at
https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gsound/-/issues

.\"This manual page was written by Wim Taymans <wim.taymans@gmail.com>
